Docs: Expand multiple build systems section (#39589)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/packaging_guide.rst

.. _multiple_build_systems:

----------------------
Multiple build systems

> ----------------------

Reviewer: If we want to move this up one level, we need to move it below "Mixin base classes" (which are not a subsection of multiple build systems).

> There are cases where a package actively supports two build systems, or changes build systems

Reviewer: (nitpick) The word "software" here was used on purpose, since "package" is also overloaded as a Spack concept. The idea is the "software" needs multiple build systems, the "package" can deal with it.

Author: I find it weird to talk about "a software". Let's just stick to package, it's clear enough. You create one package with two build systems in spack.

   class CMakeBuilder(spack.build_systems.cmake.CMakeBuilder):
       def cmake_args(self):
           return [

>              self.define_from_variant("MY_FEATURE", "my_feature")

Author: ```suggestion
               self.define_from_variant("MY_FEATURE", "my_feature")
```

           ]

   class AutotoolsBuilder(spack.build_systems.autotools.AutotoolsBuilder):
       def configure_args(self):
           return self.with_or_without("my-feature", variant="my_feature")

This way, ``spack install example +feature build_sytem=cmake`` will build using
``cmake`` and run it with the ``-DMY_FEATURE:BOOL=ON`` define. Alternatively,
when you run ``spack install example +feature build_system=autotools``, Spack will
run the configure script with ``./configure --without-my-feature``.

> Dependencies are always specified in the package class, because they are usually common to
> all build systems. Build dependencies however can depend on the choice of build system, which
> can be dealt with by using when conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependencies are always specified in the package class. When some dependencies
depend on the choice of the build system, it is possible to use when conditions as 
shown below:
```

(I think the "because" expresses a causality that is not there. The two facts are true, but even if we had completely different dependencies we'd need a single place to get all the "facts" about a package. The distinction was more related to "metadata" and "installation procedure")

In the example the directive impose a change from ``Autotools`` to ``CMake`` going
from ``v0.63`` to ``v0.64``.

The ``build_system`` can be used as an ordinary variant, which also means that it can
be used in ``depends_on`` statements. This can be useful when a package *requires* that
its dependency has a CMake config file, meaning that the dependent can only build when the
dependency is built with CMake, and not Autotools. In that case, you can force the choice

> of the build system in the dependent:

Reviewer: :+1:
